Simplify Section 3.2 (#212)
ietf-wg-aipref/drafts: draft-ietf-aipref-vocab.md

This section defines the categories of use in the vocabulary.

They describe concrete, observable outcomes that depend on the use of assets,

> they seek to avoid describing internal details of implementations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These categories describe concrete, observable outcomes that depend on the use of assets.
The definitions seek to avoid describing internal details of implementations
```

This is probably my fault, but I can't read it without wanting to fix this now.
